# HCI-game
There is a common problem among secondary school students. The problem entails that these students generally put off vocabulary learning for their language classes, due to it not being that much fun. This results in last-minute cramming and bad retention, which leads to limited vocabularies. The aim of ‘Procabulary’ is to make vocabulary learning more fun and efficient for secondary school students. During this project, it was found that secondary students find Procabulary’s approach fun and refreshing. They indicate to see themselves using it more often. The longitudinal effects of the game on vocabulary learning still have to be tested for.

## How does the game work
The proposed solution to this problem is ‘Procabulary’. It is based on the existing family board game TikTakBoom. The game is written in the Game Engine ‘Unity’ where the code is written in C#. The rules are as follows: The game starts with a set amount of players selected before the game. The players enter a wordlist of their choice, in txt. format. One player will start with the bomb with a timer and has to say a word from the wordlist. If the player says a word correctly, the player can pass the bomb to the next player. Now this player has to say a different word in the wordlist and this process repeats until the timer of the bomb runs out. A word can not be repeated within a round. If the timer of the bomb runs out, the current player holding the bomb loses and is out for the rest of the game. The bomb gets passed to the next player, the timer is reset and a new round starts. The game continues until there is only one player left in the game, who is declared the winner, or when all the words in the wordlist have been said. There is a personal score and a group score. The personal score refers to the best player, the one who remained in the game last. The groupscore refers to how quickly the group was able to go through the wordlist. Just like the game 'TikTakBoom' a bomb with a timer is passed between players, however the game differs in the conditions of passing the bomb. In addition to that, it is possible to give feedback in real-time on which words have been said by the participant. This feedback consists of checking and telling the participant whether the word has already been said or if it is not part of the wordlist.
